Jeremy Lock/Reuters
As investigators probe for a motive, details of the gunman’s background have surfaced, including extremist social media postings, a source tells CNN
Video captures moment gunman pulls into parking lot at Texas mall
Here’s what we know about the victims of the Texas outlet mall shooting
Analysis: Two tragedies in Texas take place against a backdrop of American political failure
Witnesses describe horrifying crash that left 8 dead outside a Texas shelter housing migrants
Opinion: When the answer could be a bullet, no one will ask the question
1 killed and 2 injured in an altercation on a DART train in Dallas and a suspect remains at large, authorities say
Storage facilities heavily damaged by a Russian missile strike are seen in Odesa region, Ukraine on May 8.
•
LIVE UPDATES
Odesa hit with missiles from long-range bombers, Ukrainian Air Force says
Russian mercenary chief made threats about pulling out of key region. Now he is backtracking
Opinion: Vladimir Putin’s anxious time
U.S. Supreme Court justices pose for their group portrait at the Supreme Court in Washington, U.S., October 7, 2022. Seated (L-R): Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Clarence Thomas, Chief Justice John G. Roberts, Jr., Samuel A. Alito, Jr. and Elena Kagan. Standing (L-R): Justices Amy Coney Barrett, Neil M. Gorsuch, Brett M. Kavanaugh and Ketanji Brown Jackson. REUTERS/Evelyn Hockstein
‘Everything is on the table’ in response to Clarence Thomas revelations, Durbin says
Chief Justice Roberts punts on request to investigate Thomas
‘It embarrasses me’: Senate Judiciary chair on Thomas revelations
Opinion: The only way to get to the truth of the Clarence Thomas scandal

These ‘Peak TV’ shows changed everything. Did your favorite make the list?
Tom Cruise pilots ‘Top Gun: Maverick’ jet during MTV awards acceptance speech
Pop star’s struggle to find her seat at King Charles’ coronation goes viral
Analysis: Kids need to gain weight during adolescence. Here’s why
Oprah returns to alma mater with poignant message
Tiger Woods is accused of sexual harassment by ex-girlfriend, according to court document
Dad knocks out umpire at son’s baseball game
Chinese postpartum confinement is gaining Western appeal
‘I take the trophy home and they go back to their houses:’ Max Verstappen ignores boos during statement win in Miami
